W-14153689-round-robin (#185)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mule-components/4.4/component-round-robin.adoc

//
//tag::component-title[]

= Round Robin (<component-xml-root/>)

//end::component-title[]
//

//
//tag::component-short-description[]
//     Short description of the form "Do something..." 
//     Example: "Configure log messages anywhere in a flow."

> Contains two or more processing routes and executes only one of the routes each time the flow executes the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide two or more processing routes, and execute only one of the routes each time the flow executes the component.
```
